Empty State
===========

Planning for the empty state of every page on a web application is important.
Adding the empty states to views often makes them messy and hard to read.

Empty State is a plugin for Rails that helps you clean up the code for empty states in your views.

When you iterate over a list, if the list is empty, it renders the empty state partial instead of looping over the empty list.
Otherwise, it loops over the list as usual.

Setup
-----

Create empty state partials, such as the follwing examples:

app/views/widgets/_default_empty_state.html.erb

    <div class="empty-row">
      <strong>Widgetless</strong> (there are none)
    </div>

app/views/shared/_common_empty_state.html.erb

    <div class="empty-row">
      <em>no items</em>
    </div>

Usage
-----

In your views, iterate over your lists using:

    <% some_array.each(self,                    # used to render the empty state
                       :empty_state => 'name',  # 'name' specifies the partial that should render.
                                                # In this case it would render "_name_empty_state.html.erb"
                                                # You can also pass true, which uses "_default_empty_state.html.erb".
                       :locals => { :x => :y }  # Optionally, you can also pass in locals to the empty state partial.
                      ) do |item| %>
      <%= do something with each item %>        # The code inside the block, as usual, pertains to the non-empty state.
    <% end %>

Passing both *self* and *{:empty_state => ...}* are required, and is what triggers this plugin.
If you don't pass the correct arguments, you'll likely get an error such as:

    wrong number of arguments (1 for 0)


Examples
--------

widgets/index.html.erb

    <% @widgets.each(self, :empty_state => true) do |widget|                    # Uses ./_default_empty_state.html.erb %>
      <div class="result-row">
        <%= widget.name %>
      </div>
    <% end %>

general/index.html.erb

    <% @general_things.each(self, :empty_state => 'shared/common') do |widget|  # Uses shared/_common_empty_state.html.erb %>
      <div class="result-row">
        <%= widget.name %>
      </div>
    <% end %>

Authors
-------

* Edward Anderson (nilbus) 
* Joseph Jaber
